The first time you set up your printer, you'll need to install the print heads and the ink
cartridges. When you run low on ink, you'll need to replace the ink cartridges. This video
shows you how to perform these actions. First, we'll install the ink cartridges.
Press the Power button to turn the printer on.
Next, open the ink cartridge cover. Remove each new ink cartridge from its package.
Push each cartridge into its slot. Do not force the cartridges into the slots. Each
cartridge is designed for its assigned slot only. If the cartridge does not snap into
place, check to make sure that the color coding on the cartridge matches that on the printer.
If it does not, find the right color-coded slot.
When all cartridges have been installed, close the ink cartridge cover.
The printer has both ink cartridges and print heads. The ink cartridges store the ink, and
the print heads fire drops of ink onto the paper to create your prints. You'll have
to replace the ink cartridges regularly, but the print heads should not have to be replaced
very often. Open the top cover to access the print heads.
The carriage should automatically move all the way to the left.
If it does not, press and hold the star button on the printer control panel until the carriage
moves all the way to the left. Be careful not to proceed until the carriage is on the
left side of the printer. If the carriage does not move to the left automatically, turn the printer off and back
on and then try holding down the star button again. The print head can be damaged if the
carriage is not all the way to the left for installation.
Lift the blue print head latch. While the new print heads are still in their
packages, shake them six times. Shaking the print heads helps prevent print quality problems
later. Remove the new print heads from their packages.
Then remove the orange protective caps. Be careful not to shake the print head after
the caps have been removed. Insert each print head into its color-coded
slot. Lower the print head latch and snap it into
place. Next, close the top cover.
Whenever you insert or replace a print head, the printer automatically aligns the print
heads to ensure the best print quality. If the printer doesn't automatically print
the alignment page, start the alignment process manually. To start the alignment process manually,
perform the following steps. On the touch screen, press the icon of the
wrench to enter the setup menu. Using the arrow buttons, navigate to the Tools
option and select it. Using the arrow buttons again, navigate to
the Align Printer option and select it. The alignment process starts.
Replacing the ink cartridges is almost as easy as the first time you installed them.
Press the Power button to turn the printer on.
Open the ink cartridge cover. And remove the old ink cartridge from it's
slot. Remove the new ink cartridge from it's packaging.
Push each new cartridge into its color-coded slot.
Then close the ink cartridge cover.
Replacing the print heads is similar to the way you initially installed them.
Open the top cover to access the print heads. To access the print heads you must press and
hold the star button on the printer control panel until the carriage moves all the way
to the left. Be careful not to proceed until the carriage is on the left side of the printer.
If the carriage does not move to the left automatically, turn the printer off and back
on and then try holding down the star button again. The print head can be damaged if the
carriage is not all the way to the left for installation.
Then, lift the blue print head latch. On the print head that needs to be replaced,
lift the blue handle. Use the handle to pull the print head straight up and remove it from
the printer. While the replacement print head is still
in its package, shake it six times. Shaking the print head helps prevent print quality
problems later. Remove the new print head from its packaging.
Then remove the orange protective caps. Be careful not to shake the print heads after
the caps have been removed. Insert the print head into its color-coded
slot. Lower the print head latch and snap it into
place. Then close the top cover of the printer.
After replacing the print head, the printer will calibrate and then print out an alignment
sheet. Once the alignment pages prints, you can begin using your printer.
Your printer is now ready for regular use.